More about encodeABI (#3549)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/web3-eth-contract.rst

    myContract.methods.myMethod([param1[, param2[, ...]]]).encodeABI()

> Encodes the ABI for this method. The resulting hex string is 32-bit function signature hash plus the passed parameters in  Solidity tightly packed format. This can be used to send a transaction, call a method, or pass it into another smart contract's method as arguments. Set the `data` field on `web3.eth.send()` transaction as the `encodeABI()` payload and it is the same as calling the contract method with `contract.myyMethod.send()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encodes the ABI for this method. The resulting hex string is 32-bit function signature hash plus the passed parameters in  Solidity tightly packed format. This can be used to send a transaction, call a method, or pass it into another smart contract's method as arguments. Set the `data` field on `web3.eth.sendTransaction` options as the `encodeABI()` result and it is the same as calling the contract method with `contract.myMethod.send()`. 
```
